README.md, before:

# The Archiver [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/npm.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com) [![version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-v0.1.0-red.svg)](https://github.com/zosman1/The_Archiver/releases/tag/v0.1.0-Prototype) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/zosman1/The_Archiver.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/zosman1/The_Archiver) [![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/zosman1/The_Archiver.svg)](https://libraries.io/github/zosman1/The_Archiver)

> By Zosman

:warning: **This project is still in development, I am not responsible for any file loss** :warning:
## Development
**You must have npm installed**

Clone the repo with `$ git clone git@github.com:zosman1/The_Archiver.git`

Install yarn (optional but recomended) - [Yarnpkg](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)  
If not replace `yarn` with `npm` for the following

For the following you must be in the `/app` directory 
### Install Dependencies

```
$ yarn install
```
### Run

```
$ yarn start
```
### Build
> Side note, only builds for macOs currently

```
$ yarn run build
```
### License

AGPL-3.0 © Zosman

Commit message:

Working on README added an app summary to let people know what this app does Closes #24

README.md, after:

# The Archiver [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/npm.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com) [![version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-v0.1.0-red.svg)](https://github.com/zosman1/The_Archiver/releases/tag/v0.1.0-Prototype) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/zosman1/The_Archiver.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/zosman1/The_Archiver) [![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/zosman1/The_Archiver.svg)](https://libraries.io/github/zosman1/The_Archiver)

> By Zosman

:warning: **This project is still in development, I am not responsible for any file loss** :warning:

## Summary
This Electron app is designed to move a virtual machine to and from a users external drive to conserve space on the users home drive with minimal effort. This was created in an effort to reduce my own hard drive usage that was taken up by a virtual machine that I only occasionally used. 

## Development
**You must have npm installed**

Clone the repo with `$ git clone git@github.com:zosman1/The_Archiver.git`

Install yarn (optional but recomended) - [Yarnpkg](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)  
If not replace `yarn` with `npm` for the following

For the following you must be in the `/app` directory 
### Install Dependencies

```
$ yarn install
```
### Run

```
$ yarn start
```
### Build
> Side note, only builds for macOs currently

```
$ yarn run build
```
### License

AGPL-3.0 © Zosman
